How much can I borrow for  a home loan : HelpIn this tool, the results display before the inputs. ResultsYou may qualify for a loan amount ranging from $127,758 (conservative) to $172,466 (aggressive). keys property-buy a home
What home loan can I afford : HelpIn this tool, the results display before the inputs. ResultsYou can afford a home that costs up to $75,000. keys property-buy a home
How much will my mortgage payments be for home loan : ?HelpIn this tool, the results display before the inputs. Results Your total payment will be $1,213. keys property-buy a home
Am I better off renting home loan : HelpIn this tool, the results display before the inputs. ResultsYou will save $27,505 by renting instead of buying over the 7 years. keys property-buy a home 
What will my closing costs be for home loan : HelpIn this tool, the results display before the inputs. ResultsYour total estimated closing costs will be $6,642. keys property-buy a home 
Should I pay points to lower the ratef or home loan : HelpIn this tool, the results display before the inputs. ResultsPaying more points will cost you $2,480 less than paying less points over 7 years. keys property-buy a home
How much should I put down for a new home loan : HelpIn this tool, the results display before the inputs. ResultsThe smaller down payment will cost you $12,966 over the 7 years. keys property-buy a home
Which is better for a home loan : 15- or 30-year loan term?HelpIn this tool, the results display before the inputs. ResultsThe 15-year loan will cost you $4,981 less, in today's dollars, over the 7 years. keys property-buy a home
Will getting a preapproval hurt my credit score : No. The Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) allows you to rate shop during a 14-day window without impacting your credit. How long does it take to get a mortgage : The answer is…it depends.PrequalifiedOur Mortgage Bankers can prequalify you by phone if you meet qualifications. The process normally takes 15 to 20 minutes and the applicant will receive a prequalification letter. Preapproval This takes more time, because we must verify not only your credit, but also your income. Further, you will need to submit documentation such as your Social Security number, proof of income, assets and debt records. The process can take 20 minutes if you come prepared, or in some cases up to 2 business days. Home appraisal Once your offer to purchase a home is accepted, the lender will need to conduct at least one appraisal to ensure that the property value is sufficient. A licensed appraiser will need to visit the property to conduct the appraisal. Estimate time is 2 days to 2 weeks, depending on the type of appraisal and the location of the property.Closing Closing, generally, is when you sign your loan documents and become obligated on the mortgage loan, and when the seller signs documents to transfer you title to the property. The timing may depend on state laws and local practices, as well as on the type of home loan you choose and how fast we can process your application. keys property-buy a home
What is the amortization period: This is repayment period on a loan during which payments of both principal and interest are required to be made to pay down the balance on the loan according to the terms of the loan documents prior to its maturity date. The amortization period may vary by the loan product and whether the loan has an interest-only period. For example a 30-year fixed rate mortgage loan, which requires principal and interest payments from the beginning, has a 30-year amortization period. keys property-buy a home
Is the interest tax deductible : Interest may be tax deductible. Consult your tax advisor for more information. Tax laws have recently changed and Bank of the West cannot provide tax advice. keys property-buy a home
Will my home need to be appraised: Yes. In most cases, we will need to obtain an appraisal from a qualified appraiser who will provide an independent estimate of the fair market value of your home. In some cases, more than one appraisal is required. keys property-buy a home
How do appraisers evaluate: Appraisers complete a visual inspection of the interior and exterior of the property and note any conditions that might adversely affect the property's value, such as needed repairs. Further, they compare the home to other similar homes in the area and their recent sales prices. keys property-buy a home
Why are the rates that you offer me different from another lender: Many factors are considered when a mortgage interest rate is established. Rates vary based on loan term, loan amount, property type and location. Some lenders may use a risk pricing model, which means they offer lower interest rates for well-qualified borrowers. Each lender has a way of determining risk. Speak with one of our Mortgage Bankers to find out the best rate that we can offer you. keys property-buy a home