car loan : Go electric and drive away with big savings on your auto loan Getting a car loan doesn't have to be a major journey . We create a speedy course for you to take, so that you can get on the open road . Take advantage of competitive rates and flexible terms. The roadmap for a car loan doesn't get easier. Have you recently moved to the U.S. to pursue your career? If so, financing a car without established credit history can be challenging. We're here to help you get behind the wheel . Learn More Go green with an Electric Vehicle loan discount and save 0.25% off our standard auto rates when you finance a qualified electric vehicle . Save 0.25% more when you make automatic payments from a Bank of the West checking or savings account . There may even be additional benefits for our Premier and Wealth Management customers keys loan - commercial real estate loan keys loan-commercial real estate loan , rv_faq
rv loan : We Drive the Market in RV Financing Whether you’re looking for RV financing for a new or used motorhomes, 5th wheel or travel trailer, you can count on a hassle free experience from the beginning to end. Take advantage of competitive rates and flexible terms. Are you ready to hit the road? keys loan-commercial real estate loan , rv_faq
boat loan : Cast Off with Boat Financing We specialize in boat loan for all types of new and used marine vessels: power or sail including personal watercraft, bass boat, trawlers, multi-hulled and more. From the beginning of the journey to the end, we give you a hassle free experience. We offer competitive rates with flexible terms for secured and unsecured loan . Are you ready to dive into boat financing? keys loan-commercial real estate loan , rv_faq
home equity : Consider a Home Equity Line of Credit A Home Equity Line of Credit (HELOC) uses your home’s equity as collateral. You can access the funds by check, online banking transfers, at the branch, or by giving us a call. During the draw period, you can pay down the principal balance, making that portion of your credit line available again for use during the draw period. Limited-Time Offer: From October 1 – December 31, 2019, get up to 1.375% off your interest rate with an initial draw of $100,000 for the 10-year draw period1. The more you borrow at account opening, the greater your discount can be. keys loan-commercial real estate loan , home_faq
buy a home : Get prequalified or preapproved for a mortgage Wondering how much home you can afford? You may be prequalified in minutes or you may get started home shopping with a preapproval letter. Have questions? We also offer: Additional benefits for Bank of the West deposit customers (ask us for details) Loans up to $4,000,000 Flexible lending options to meet your unique financial needs keys loan-commercial real estate loan , home_faq
refinance a home : Why refinance? When you refinance, you pay off an existing mortgage with the funds from a new mortgage. The new mortgage will have a new rate and term. You may find that refinancing your mortgage lets you: Lower your monthly payment Use cash to remodel your home Consolidate higher-interest debt Shorten your term and pay off your mortgage faster Refinance your FHA loan into a conventional loan keys loan-commercial real estate loan , home_faq
